 **Open Regulatory Compliance Working Group** Cyber Resilience SIG

###  17 March 2025
##  Agenda
 Agenda Topics | Moderator | Minutes |
| ----- | ----- | :---: |
| Approve [previous minutes](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/48) | Juan | 2 |
| Steering & Spec Committee updates:<li>Deliverables Plan approved<li>Cyber Resilience Practices Project in ballot<li>[SIG & Project leadership coordination](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/55) | SIG Leads | 5 |
| [Collaboration on BSI and FSFE questionnaire](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/tree/tobie-questionnaires/questionnaires#questionnaire-for-open-source-and-manufacturers) ([Related pull request](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/pull/168)) | Michael Schuster & Alexander Sander| 15 | 
| [Technical definitions of Important & Critical Product](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/blob/tobie-prod-reg/product-definitions/README.md#current-consultations) ([Related pull request](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/pull/164))| Tobie | 15 | 
| Collaboration with the EU Commission | Tobie | 5 |
| Task force on advocacy / thought leadership? | Tobie | 5 |
| Task Force updates:<li>[FAQ](https://github.com/orgs/orcwg/projects/7/views/11)<li>Inventory | Tobie | 5 |
| AOB | | 3 |

