{"config":{"lang":["en"],"separator":"[\\s\\-,:!=\\[\\]()\"/]+|(?!\\b)(?=[A-Z][a-z])|\\.(?!\\d)|&[lg]t;","pipeline":["stemmer","stopWordFilter","trimmer"]},"docs":[{"location":"","title":"Home","text":"<p>Home</p>"},{"location":"#orc-wg","title":"ORC WG","text":"<p>Home of the Open Regulatory Compliance Working Group (ORC WG) of the Eclipse Foundation.</p>"},{"location":"#special-interest-groups","title":"Special Interest Groups","text":"<ul> <li>Cyber Resilience SIG</li> </ul>"},{"location":"#cra-hub","title":"CRA Hub","text":"<ul> <li>FAQ (open issues)</li> <li>Inventory of standards, specs, and best practices relevant to the CRA (draft spreadsheet | open issues)</li> <li>Summary of the harmonized standards requested by the EU Commision to the ESOs</li> <li>Important and Critical Product Categories (input to the Commission | open pull requests | related FAQ | related FAQ issues)</li> <li>Questionnaires</li> </ul>"},{"location":"#working-mode","title":"Working mode","text":"<ul> <li>Working Mode</li> </ul>"},{"location":"#governance","title":"Governance","text":"<ul> <li>Steering Committee (meeting minutes)</li> <li>Specification Committee (meeting minutes)</li> <li>Working Group Charter</li> <li>Antitrust Policy</li> <li>Code of Conduct</li> </ul>"},{"location":"#get-involved","title":"Get involved","text":"<ul> <li>Meetings</li> <li>In person events</li> <li>Mailing List (Archive)</li> <li>Slack (Request invitation)</li> <li>Community Calendar (iCal format)</li> </ul>"},{"location":"MEETINGS/","title":"MEETINGS","text":"<p>Home / MEETINGS</p>"},{"location":"MEETINGS/#orc-wg-meetings","title":"ORC WG Meetings","text":""},{"location":"MEETINGS/#cyber-resilience-sig-call","title":"Cyber Resilience SIG Call","text":"When Every other Monday at 4:00pm CET (7:00am PT, 10:00am ET, 3:00pm BST, 5pm EET) Attendees Open to all Conf-call details Jitsi meeting link Calendar link Google calendar event &amp; iCal event Additional links Agenda &amp; Minutes"},{"location":"MEETINGS/#faq-task-force-call","title":"FAQ Task Force Call","text":"When Every other Friday at 1:30pm CET (4:30am PT, 7:30am ET, 12:30pm BST, 2:30pm EET) Attendees Open to all Conf-call details Jitsi meeting link Calendar link Google calendar event &amp; iCal event Additional links Agenda &amp; Minutes"},{"location":"working-mode/","title":"Working mode","text":"<p>Home / working-mode</p>"},{"location":"working-mode/#orc-wg-working-mode","title":"ORC WG Working Mode","text":"<p>This document captures how the ORC WG operates. It can be amended or broken down into smaller policies and processes as needed.</p>"},{"location":"working-mode/#applicable-documents","title":"Applicable documents","text":"<p>The ORC WG is subject to its charter and the various documents it references, in particular: the Eclipse Foundation Working Group Process and Operations Guide.</p>"},{"location":"working-mode/#meetings","title":"Meetings","text":"<p>Meetings:</p> <ul> <li>should be announced sufficiently in advance</li> <li>should be listed on <code>MEETINGS.md</code> and included in the community calendar.</li> <li>should publish an agenda sufficiently in advance and enable membership input to it</li> <li>should have their minutes available publicly shortly after the meeting (and at least before the next meeting)</li> </ul> <p>Meeting minutes:</p> <ul> <li>should list meeting participants and their affiliations</li> <li>should summarize discussion points</li> <li>should not capture every comment or question raised</li> <li>should not attribute comments to individuals</li> <li>should capture group consensus, resolutions, and action items</li> <li>should be provided in a draft format for comments</li> <li>should be approved at the latest at the beginning of the next meeting</li> </ul> <p>Note: meetings of governing bodies have additional requirements defined in the relevant documents.</p>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/","title":"Index","text":"<p>Home / cyber-resilience-sig</p>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/#cyber-resilience-sig","title":"Cyber Resilience SIG","text":"<p>Cyber Resilience Special Interest Group (SIG) of ORC WG.</p>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/#meetings","title":"Meetings","text":"<ul> <li>Meeting info</li> <li>Minutes</li> </ul>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/#leads","title":"Leads","text":"<ul> <li>Dirk-Willem van Gulik (@dirkx), The Apache Software Foundation</li> <li>Simon Phipps (@webmink), Software Heritage Foundation - Inria Foundation</li> <li>Timo Perala (@timop62), Nokia</li> </ul>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/#scope","title":"Scope","text":"<p>The Scope of the Cyber Resilience SIG is a strict subset of the scope of ORC WG. Whereas the working group is chartered to address any kind of emerging regulation impacting open source, the Cyber Resilience SIG is solely focused on cyber resilience regulation. Expect all of the CRA-related work to happen in this SIG.</p> <p>In 2025, the SIG will focus on deliverables necessary to help the open source community (and notably open source software stewards) meet the regulatory obligations outlined in the CRA and help downstream users (manufacturers) be able to continue to leverage open source in their products and services while meeting their own regulatory requirements. This is expressed by the colored nodes and edges in the diagram below.</p> <pre><code>flowchart LR\n    foss[\"Open source project\"] == integrated by ==&gt; manufacturer[\"Manufacturer\"] \n    manufacturer == performs due diligence ==&gt; foss\n    steward[\"Steward\"] == reports vulnerabilities &amp; incidents to ==&gt; enisa[\"ENISA / CSIRT\"]\n    steward == colaborates with ==&gt; msa[\"Market Surveillance\"]\n    prog[\"Attestation program\"] == facilitates due diligence ==&gt; manufacturer\n    steward == may participate in ==&gt; prog\n    maintainers[\"Maintainers\"] == may participate in ==&gt; prog\n    manufacturer == finances ==&gt; prog\n    steward == sustains ==&gt; foss\n    maintainers == maintains ==&gt; foss\n    manufacturer == upstreams security fixes ==&gt; foss\n    manufacturer -- places on the market --&gt; product[\"Product\"]\n    foss -- integrated into --&gt; product\n    product -- purchased by --&gt; user[\"User\"]\n\n\n    style steward fill:#BBDEFB,stroke:#2962FF\n    style foss fill:#C8E6C9,stroke:#00C853\n    style manufacturer stroke:#FF6D00,fill:#FFE0B2\n    style maintainers fill:#E1BEE7,stroke:#AA00FF\n    style prog fill:#FFF9C4,stroke:#FFD600\n    linkStyle 1,7,10 stroke:#FF6D00,fill:none\n    linkStyle 2,3,5,8 stroke:#2962FF,fill:none\n    linkStyle 6,9 stroke:#AA00FF,fill:none\n    linkStyle 4 stroke:#FFD600,fill:none\n    linkStyle 0 stroke:#00C853,fill:none</code></pre>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/#deliverables","title":"Deliverables","text":"Deliverable name License First draft due Final draft due Input to Relevant liaisons Owner FAQ CC-BY 4.0 April 2025 EU Guidance EU Commission, CRA Expert Group FAQ Task Force Inventory CC-BY 4.0 April 2025 Harmonized Standards, ORC WG CEN/CENELEC Inventory Task Force Vulnerability Handling Specification CC-BY 4.0 / Apache 2.0 \u2192 EFSL April 2025 Harmonized Standards CEN/CENELEC, ISO Cyber Resilience Practices Project White paper on SBOMs CC-BY 4.0 EU Guidance, Implementing Act EU Commission, CRA Expert Group Due diligence requirements for manufacturers CC-BY 4.0 EU Guidance, Implementing Act EU Commission, CRA Expert Group Security policy for open source software stewards CC-BY 4.0 / Apache 2.0 \u2192 EFSL EU Guidance, Implementing Act, ISO EU Commission, CRA Expert Group, CEN/CENELEC, ISO Cyber Resilience Practices Project Specification on principles for cyber resilience for open source development (based on Annex I, Part I, point (1)) CC-BY 4.0 / Apache 2.0 \u2192 EFSL EU Guidance, Implementing Act, ISO EU Commission, CRA Expert Group, CEN/CENELEC, ISO Cyber Resilience Practices Project White paper on Attestations CC-BY 4.0 EU Guidance, Implementing Act EU Commission, CRA Expert Group Specification on generic security requirements for open source components (based on Annex I, Part I, point (2)) CC-BY 4.0 / Apache 2.0 \u2192 EFSL EU Guidance, Implementing Act, ISO EU Commission, CRA Expert Group, CEN/CENELEC, ISO Cyber Resilience Practices Project"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/#cyber-resilience-practices-project","title":"Cyber Resilience Practices Project","text":"<ul> <li>Proposal for the Cyber Resilience Practices Project</li> </ul>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/#project-leads","title":"Project leads","text":"<ul> <li>Dirk-Willem van Gulik (@dirkx), The Apache Software Foundation</li> <li>Mikael Barbero (@mbarbero), Eclipse Foundation</li> <li>Simon Phipps (@webmink), Software Heritage Foundation - Inria Foundation</li> <li>Timo Perala (@timop62), Nokia</li> </ul>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/#task-forces","title":"Task Forces","text":"<p>The Cyber Resilience SIG can form task forces that focus on a particular topic for a fixed period of time.</p> <p>A task force must must have one or more leads, an area of focus, a set of deliverables, and an end date by which it must present its deliverables and recommendations to the SIG and/or request an extension.</p> <p>A task force's proceedings are public.</p> <p>Task forces do not have any decision-making authority. Their role is advisory. Their deliverables do not represent the consensus of the SIG nor of the WG unless the SIG or WG formally adopts them.</p>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/#current-task-forces","title":"Current task forces","text":"Name Focus Area Lead(s) Deliverables Minutes End date Deliverables Plan Task Force Define a deliverables plan for the SIG for 2025 Tobie Langel (@tobie) Deliverables Plan Minutes 2025-03-03 FAQ Task Force Collect, answer, and organize questions from the community on the CRA @orcwg/faq-task-force-leads FAQ Minutes 2025-06-30 Inventory Task Force Collect and organize resources relevant to the implementation of the CRA @orcwg/inventory-task-force-leads Inventory Minutes 2025-06-30"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/#why-a-cyber-resilience-sig","title":"Why a Cyber Resilience SIG?","text":"<p>ORC WG is chartered to address any regulation impacting open source communities and open source usage. It can establish Special Interest Groups (SIGs) for domain-specific work. </p> <p>The initial focus of ORC WG is to help open source communities and the broader tech industry better understand and prepare to meet the compliance requirements of the European Cyber Resilience Act (CRA). However, cyber resilience is a topic that is broader than Europe. And ORC WG aims to facilitate compliance across jurisdictions (and not only in the EU). A SIG focused on cyber resilience in general--not just on the CRA--will help achieve this goal.</p> <p>As new regulations impacting open source communities emerge, it is expected that additional SIGs modeled on this initial one will be formed.</p>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/2025-02-17-mom-cyber-resilience-sig/","title":"2025 02 17 mom cyber resilience sig","text":"<p>Home / cyber-resilience-sig / minutes / 2025-02-17-mom-cyber-resilience-sig</p>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/2025-02-17-mom-cyber-resilience-sig/#open-regulatory-compliance-working-group-cyber-resilience-sig","title":"Open Regulatory Compliance Working Group Cyber Resilience SIG","text":""},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/2025-02-17-mom-cyber-resilience-sig/#17-february-2025","title":"17 February 2025","text":""},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/2025-02-17-mom-cyber-resilience-sig/#agenda","title":"Agenda","text":"Agenda Topics Moderator Minutes FOSDEM &amp; Workshop output Juan 5 CRA Expert Group Dirk, Lars, Tobie &amp; Mika 15 Harmonized standards Tobie 5 FAQ work next steps Tobie &amp; All 15 Inventory Maxime &amp; Tobie 5 Deliverable plan Tobie 5 AOB 5 Participants   * Juan Rico (Eclipse Foundation)   * Tobie Langel (Eclipse Foundation) * Timo Perala (Nokia) * Hendrik Ebbers (OpenElements) * Dan Appelquist (Samsung / OpenSSF)   * Tobias Heldt    * Tobias Frech (iJUG)   * Jakub Zelenka (The PHP Foundation)   * Adrian OSullivan (Huawei)   * Salve J. Nilsen (CPANSec)   * Lars Francke (Stackable)   * Georg Kunz (Ericsson)   * Carlo Piana (Array)   * Alberto Pianon (Array)   * Daniel Thompson-Yvetot (Tauri)   * Dirk-Willem van Gulik (ASF)   * Lothar Felten (Pyramid Computer)   * Alistair Woodman (Erlang Ecosystem Foundation)   * Jeremy Stanley (Spec Committee, OpenInfra, SPI)   * Marta Rybczynska (Eclipse Foundation)  * Andrew Katz (Bristows|Orcro)    * Rebecca Rumbul (Rust Foundation)   * Simon Phipps (SWH)   * Sal Kimmich (GadflyAI)   * Jordan Maris (OSI)   * Victor Roland (Obeo)   * Olle E. Johansson, Edvina/OWASP   * Daniel Dilger (Mercedes-Benz Tech Innovation)   * Alistair Woodman (Earlang)   * Dick Brooks (BCG)   * Gerardo Lisboa   * Maxim Baele (OWASP)   * Pierre Pochery (FreeBSD Foundation)   * Thierry Carrez (OpenStack)"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/2025-02-17-mom-cyber-resilience-sig/#minutes","title":"Minutes","text":""},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/2025-02-17-mom-cyber-resilience-sig/#fosdem-workshop-output","title":"FOSDEM &amp; Workshop output","text":"<ul> <li>All resources can be found on Github, in the dedicated FOSDEM folder.  </li> <li>We plan to use GitHub as the resource hub for the events.  </li> <li>Feel free to provide comments on existing entries or to suggest the creation of new ones.</li> </ul>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/2025-02-17-mom-cyber-resilience-sig/#ec-cra-expert-group","title":"EC CRA Expert Group","text":"<ul> <li>60 seats - each country has a seat - and the rest are industry &amp; community - many companies and communities e.g. OpenSSF, Eclipse Foundation, Apache Software Foundation, Sovereign Tech  </li> <li>Expert group participant members can be found here.  </li> <li>OSS is well represented by 5-6 organizations.  </li> <li>The activities will be structured in working groups and the lead for those WG is not restricted to EC staff.  </li> <li>Legal vs. Natural people question came up - and the commission didn\u2019t seem to think it\u2019s such a problem \u2026 but countries and industry groups picked it up. - issue here.   </li> <li>CRA Expert Group minutes will be publicly available </li> <li>It is possible to have invited experts but upon formal approval and based on consensus.   </li> </ul>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/2025-02-17-mom-cyber-resilience-sig/#harmonized-standards","title":"Harmonized standards","text":"<ul> <li>CEN/CENELEC - April 2025 - public sharing of the outline of the standards  </li> <li>It is pointed out that it could be a good reference to take a look at the RED Delegated Act (comes into action Aug 25)</li> </ul>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/2025-02-17-mom-cyber-resilience-sig/#faq-work-next-steps","title":"FAQ work next steps","text":"<ul> <li>ORC WG GitHub FAQ Space </li> <li>FAQ work can serve as direct input on the [expert group] guidelines on the topics we care about - can help to clarify different aspects.  </li> <li>Coordination and organization will be included to optimize the handling of the inputs.</li> <li>PR acceptance process:<ul> <li>Committers identify topics mature to be brought to SIG meetings:</li> <li>Process Proposal  </li> <li>Minimum number of +1 reviews [how many?] and only bring issues here if they have a -1.  </li> <li>(And a '-1\" veto also means a commitment to propose an alternative / help resolve the issue)   </li> <li>Merge protection will be in place - we need it. Tobie will work on that.  </li> </ul> </li> <li>Call for leaders open to join to be committers for this.</li> </ul>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/2025-02-17-mom-cyber-resilience-sig/#inventory","title":"Inventory","text":"<ul> <li>ORC WG GitHub Inventory space </li> <li>WIP moving all the references to GitHub.</li> <li>Call for support to get the references categorized reach out to join.  </li> </ul>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/2025-02-17-mom-cyber-resilience-sig/#deliverable-plan","title":"Deliverable plan","text":"<ul> <li>We have clear notes. And a clear plan for these documents.</li> <li>It was also clarified how the different bodies of the WG cooperate and the role of the projects.</li> </ul> <p>### AOB  * Vulnerability work is already happening, during the FOSDEM Workshop there was a track dealing with it. * ORC WG - OpenSSF coordination: Dan Appelquist and others are also participating in the OpenSSF Cybersecurity Policy wg. This cross-cooperation target the optimization and coordination of OSS Communities.</p>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/2025-02-17-mom-cyber-resilience-sig/#action-items","title":"Action items","text":"<ul> <li>[ ] Volunteers to support in leading FAQ discussions - reach out Tobie and Juan to join the ones who did it during the workshop.  </li> <li>[ ] Volunteers to support Maxim with Inventory categorization - reach out Maxim, Tobie and Juan  </li> <li>[ ] Volunteers to contribute to specific Task Forces contact Juan and Tobie  </li> <li>[ ] To confirm and communicate to the mailing list the process to get PRs accepted</li> </ul>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/2025-03-03-mom-cyber-resilience-sig/","title":"2025 03 03 mom cyber resilience sig","text":"<p>Home / cyber-resilience-sig / minutes / 2025-03-03-mom-cyber-resilience-sig Open Regulatory Compliance Working Group Cyber Resilience SIG</p>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/2025-03-03-mom-cyber-resilience-sig/#3-march-2025","title":"3 March 2025","text":""},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/2025-03-03-mom-cyber-resilience-sig/#agenda","title":"Agenda","text":"Agenda Topics Moderator Minutes Stakeholder Consultation Workshop for CRA Standardization - Stand4CR Lucia Lanfri (CEN/CENELEC) 10 Review working mode and approve previous minutes Tobie 5 SIG scope diagram Tobie 5 Draft deliverables plan Tobie 15 Task force creation Tobie 10 FAQ Task Force Tobie &amp; All 5 Inventory Task Force Maxim &amp; Tobie 5 AOB 5"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/2025-03-03-mom-cyber-resilience-sig/#notes","title":"Notes","text":"Participants   * Juan Rico (Eclipse Foundation)   * Tobie Langel (UnlockOpen/Eclipse Foundation)   * Daniel Thompson (Tauri / Commons Conservancy)   * Seth Larson (Python Software Foundation)   * Timo Per\u00e4l\u00e4 (Nokia)   * Jonne Soininen (Nokia)   * Roman Zhukov (Red Hat)   * Jan Westerkamp (iJUG)   * Marty Haught (Ruby Central)   * Andrew Katz (Orcro Limited/Bristows LLP)   * Dick Brooks (Business Cyber Guardian)   * Maxim Baele, (OWASP)   * Olle E. Johansson (Edvina/OWASP)   * Jeremy Stanley (Spec Committee, OpenInfra, SPI)   * Victor Roland (OBEO)   * Anne Dickison (FreeBSD Foundation)   * Vicky Risk (ISC)   * Alistair Woodman (EEF)   * Daniel Dilger (Mercedes-Benz Tech Innovation)   * Salve J. Nilsen (CPANSec)   * Simon Phipps (SWH)   * Dirk-Willem van Gulik (Apache Software Foundation)   * Thierry Carrez (OpenInfra Foundation)   * Seth Larson   * Ria Ferrel Schalnat   * Pierre Pochery (FreeBSD Foundation)   * Lucia Lanfri (CEN/CENELEC)   * Alberto Pianon (Array)"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/2025-03-03-mom-cyber-resilience-sig/#stakeholder-consultation-workshop-for-cra-standardization","title":"Stakeholder consultation workshop for CRA Standardization","text":"<p>Lucia Lanfri from CEN/CENELEC presented two opportunities aligned with the areas ORC WG is addressing: - Rapporteur position open for PT3 - reach out to Lucia if there is interest. - Stan4CR - Stakeholder consultation workshop   - Webinar next week   - Workshop 8th of April in Copenhagen objectives:     - Vulnerability handling     - Lines 1 and 15 of the Standardization request     - Identification of gaps in WG9   - No public minutes available   - Tobie will participate and then share outcomes with the WG.   - Lucia's Presentation STAN4CR</p>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/2025-03-03-mom-cyber-resilience-sig/#working-mode-document","title":"Working mode document","text":"<p>https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/37</p> <ul> <li>People to review so we can have a formal way of contributing to agendas and minutes.  </li> <li>As soon as it is approved the working mode will be evolved.  </li> <li>Comments in the pull request.</li> </ul> <p>Approval of the minutes - https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/32</p> <ul> <li>Approved and merged</li> </ul>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/2025-03-03-mom-cyber-resilience-sig/#sig-scope","title":"SIG Scope","text":"<p>Ref pull request to discuss </p> <ul> <li>The intention of the diagram is to show the different roles and create the context in which SIG work will be happening.</li> <li>It is the result of a trade-off between accuracy and clarity, but it is possible to create more diagrams if needed.</li> <li>Focus on activities instead of liability to assist in the process.  </li> <li>It is highlighted that the relationship between manufacturers and stewards is a topic that requires more granularity.</li> </ul> <p>Community to contribute to the discussion https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/42</p>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/2025-03-03-mom-cyber-resilience-sig/#deliverable-plan","title":"Deliverable plan","text":"<ul> <li>2 categories of deliverables:**  </li> <li>CC_By4.0 - Documentation  </li> <li>Specs - need to be approved by the Specification Committee  </li> <li>Specification project will be shared in the general for open discussion</li> <li>Tasks force for FAQ and Inventory to simplify contributing and organizing the job</li> <li> <p>Cyber Resilience Practices </p> </li> <li> <p>Vulnerability spec to be approved - To be socialized before</p> </li> <li>Final version of the Deliverable plan</li> </ul> <p>It was pointed out that ENISA needs help with vulnerability handling and databases, so they may be an input too for some of the deliverables proposed in the table. Additionally, ENISA accepts individuals joining as experts for the ongoing work and it was proposed the possibility of building a link with ENISA.</p> <ul> <li>ENISA Tender for the platform vulnerability spec - EC Funding and Tenders portal </li> </ul>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/2025-03-03-mom-cyber-resilience-sig/#faq-task-force-and-inventory-task-force","title":"FAQ Task Force and Inventory Task Force","text":"<ul> <li>These two points were not covered during the call due to lack of time.</li> </ul>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/2025-03-17-mom-cyber-resilience-sig/","title":"2025 03 17 mom cyber resilience sig","text":"<p>Home / cyber-resilience-sig / minutes / 2025-03-17-mom-cyber-resilience-sig Open Regulatory Compliance Working Group Cyber Resilience SIG</p>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/2025-03-17-mom-cyber-resilience-sig/#17-march-2025","title":"17 March 2025","text":""},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/2025-03-17-mom-cyber-resilience-sig/#agenda","title":"Agenda","text":"Agenda Topics Moderator Minutes Approve previous minutes Juan 2 Steering &amp; Spec Committee updates:<li>Deliverables Plan approved<li>Cyber Resilience Practices Project in ballot<li>SIG &amp; Project leadership coordination SIG Leads 5 Collaboration on BSI and FSFE questionnaire (Related pull request) Michael Schuster &amp; Alexander Sander 15 Technical definitions of Important &amp; Critical Product (Related pull request) Tobie 15 Collaboration with the EU Commission Tobie 5 Task force on advocacy / thought leadership? Tobie 5 Task Force updates:<li>FAQ<li>Inventory Tobie 5 AOB 3 Participants   * Tobie Langel (UnlockOpen / Eclipse Foundation   * Juan Rico (Eclipse Foundation)   * Daniel Thompson  (Tauri / Commons Conservancy)   * Jan Weszerkamp (iJUG)   * Dirk-Willem van Gulik (Apache Software Foundation)   * Mathias Schindler (GitHub)   * Marta Rybczynska (Eclipse Foundation)   * Agust\u00edn Benito (SCANOSS)   * Tobias Frech (iJUG)   * Jakub Zelenka (The PHP Foundation)   * Vicky Risk, (ISC)   * Timo Per\u00e4l\u00e4 (Nokia)   * Jeremy Stanley (Spec Committee, OpenInfra, SPI)   * Salve J. Nilsen (CPANSec)   * Alberto Pianon (Array)   * Simon Phipps (SWH)   * Olle E. Johansson, Edvina AB, Sweden (OWASP)   * Dick Brooks (BCG)   * Felix Reda (GitHub)   * Fukami (OpenSSF)   * Hendrik Ebbers (OpenElements)   * Jordan Maris (OSI)   * Marty Haught (Ruby Central)   * Michael Schuster (BSI)   * Sal Kimmich   * Seth Larson  <p>Notes:</p>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/2025-03-17-mom-cyber-resilience-sig/#approve-previous-minutes","title":"Approve previous minutes","text":"<ul> <li>previous minutes </li> <li>Approved</li> </ul>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/2025-03-17-mom-cyber-resilience-sig/#steering-spec-committee-updates","title":"Steering &amp; Spec Committee updates","text":"<ul> <li>Deliverables Plan approved  </li> <li>Cyber Resilience Practices Project in ballot  </li> <li>Ballot in process  </li> <li>SIG &amp; Project leadership coordination </li> <li>PR will be merged by tomorrow unless objection  </li> <li>Deliverables plan approved by the Steering Committee.  </li> <li>Leadership group consolidated to simplify:  </li> <li>SIG leadership - Chair and Co-Chair of the Steering Committee and the Chair of the Specification Committee</li> </ul>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/2025-03-17-mom-cyber-resilience-sig/#collaboration-on-bsi-bundesamtes-fur-sicherheit-in-der-informationstechnik-and-fsfe-questionnaire","title":"Collaboration on BSI (Bundesamtes f\u00fcr Sicherheit in der Informationstechnik) and FSFE questionnaire","text":"<ul> <li>Michael Schuster &amp; Alexander Sander  </li> <li>Focus is more on civil society, but includes additional stakeholders  </li> <li>Proposal </li> <li>Related pull request </li> <li>They need feedback on the survey by the week of March 28th, plan to meet to finalize it the following week.  </li> <li>The expected outcome from the survey is not only answers but also new questions to provide guidance.  </li> <li>Common effort aligning this survey with the FAQ, and consulting them to the CRA Expert Group and the EC as a potential way forward.</li> </ul>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/2025-03-17-mom-cyber-resilience-sig/#technical-definitions-of-important-critical-products","title":"Technical definitions of Important &amp; Critical Products","text":"<ul> <li>Proposal </li> <li>Related pull request </li> <li>It was presented the methodology to work on the proposal, submitting comments via pull request.  </li> <li>As a note: The definitions could be amended by other European laws, not only the CRA.</li> </ul>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/2025-03-17-mom-cyber-resilience-sig/#collaboration-with-the-eu-commission","title":"Collaboration with the EU Commission","text":"<ul> <li>Presented to the EC the Deliverable Plan with positive feedback.  </li> <li>It was suggested to have a joint brainstorming as each deliverable is started, and when the first draft is ready.  </li> <li>It is necessary to create an explainer for each deliverable to present them to ETSI and CEN/CENELEC - simplifying people to understand the work we are doing.  </li> <li>EXPLAINER concept - high level description of 1 page describing what the next piece of work will look like.</li> </ul>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/2025-03-17-mom-cyber-resilience-sig/#task-force-on-advocacy-thought-leadership","title":"Task force on advocacy / thought leadership?","text":"<ul> <li>Related issue </li> <li>Usage of the potential fines - propose to take that money back to the open source community by setting a Soverign tech fund.  </li> <li>Public access to the aggregated SBOMs - https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/issues/52#issuecomment-2723901813 </li> <li>People interested to reach out either in the issues, slack or any other mean</li> </ul>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/2025-03-17-mom-cyber-resilience-sig/#task-force-updates","title":"Task Force updates","text":"<ul> <li>FAQ </li> <li>Inventory</li> <li>No progress on this area in the last two weeks.</li> </ul>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/2025-03-17-mom-cyber-resilience-sig/#aob","title":"AOB","text":"<ul> <li>Proposal: Add a standing point \u201cReports from other projects and organisations\u201d where we get VERY SHORT updates and pointers to more information</li> </ul>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/2025-03-31-mom-cyber-resilience-sig/","title":"2025 03 31 mom cyber resilience sig","text":"<p>Home / cyber-resilience-sig / minutes / 2025-03-31-mom-cyber-resilience-sig</p>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/2025-03-31-mom-cyber-resilience-sig/#31-march-2025","title":"31 March 2025","text":""},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/2025-03-31-mom-cyber-resilience-sig/#agenda","title":"Agenda","text":"Agenda Topics Moderator Minutes Approve previous minutes Tobie 2 Steering &amp; Spec Committee updates SIG Leads 5 FAQ Task Force meeting Tobie 3 ORC GitHub Profile page Tobie 5 Collaboration on BSI and FSFE questionnaire Tobie 15 Technical definitions of Important &amp; Critical Product (Related pull requests) Tobie 15 Vulnerability Management Specification Mikael 10 AOB 5"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/deliverables-plan-task-force/2025-01-30-deliverables-plan-tf-minutes/","title":"2025 01 30 deliverables plan tf minutes","text":"<p>Home / cyber-resilience-sig / minutes / deliverables-plan-task-force / 2025-01-30-deliverables-plan-tf-minutes</p>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/deliverables-plan-task-force/2025-01-30-deliverables-plan-tf-minutes/#cyber-resilience-sig-deliverables-plan-task-force","title":"Cyber Resilience SIG - Deliverables Plan Task Force","text":""},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/deliverables-plan-task-force/2025-01-30-deliverables-plan-tf-minutes/#january-30-2025","title":"January 30, 2025","text":"<p>In person meeting during the morning and afternoon of the ORC WG Workshop in Brussels.</p>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/deliverables-plan-task-force/2025-01-30-deliverables-plan-tf-minutes/#participants","title":"Participants","text":"<ul> <li>Tobie Langel (UnlockOpen/Eclipse Foundation)</li> <li>Mikael Barbero (Eclipse Foundation)</li> <li>Timo Perala (Nokia)</li> <li>Jonne Soininen (Nokia)</li> <li>Dirk-Willem van Gulik (ASF)</li> <li>Thierry Carrez (OpenInfra Foundation)</li> <li>Addie Girouard (Varo)</li> <li>Brian Fox (ASF / Sonatype)</li> <li>...</li> </ul>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/deliverables-plan-task-force/2025-01-30-deliverables-plan-tf-minutes/#minutes","title":"Minutes","text":""},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/deliverables-plan-task-force/2025-01-30-deliverables-plan-tf-minutes/#faq-inventory","title":"FAQ &amp; Inventory","text":"<ul> <li>Participants noted that the FAQ and Inventory should be mentioned in the deliverables plan</li> <li>FAQ answers should embody \"industry best practice\"</li> </ul>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/deliverables-plan-task-force/2025-01-30-deliverables-plan-tf-minutes/#scope","title":"Scope","text":"<ul> <li>Wise to structure deliverables plan scope &amp; time against the timeline of the standards request to the ESOs (i.e. phasing of types A, B, and C)</li> <li>Scope must include other kinds of outputs including input to ESOs</li> <li>WG should set up the Friends of ESOs group, which could provide give high-level overview of the harmonized standards work to the WG to help gather input</li> </ul>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/deliverables-plan-task-force/2025-01-30-deliverables-plan-tf-minutes/#deliverables-prioretization","title":"Deliverables prioretization","text":"<p>Partcipants went through the categories in the inventory and prioretized relevant deliverables.</p> <ul> <li>\u201cSecure dev\u201d spec for open source projects based on Type A standard</li> <li>Seems good candidate for spec</li> <li>Vulnerability management</li> <li>draft in progress by Eclipse ready to submit to WG, waiting on license approval by Steering Committee</li> <li>SBOM</li> <li>Must figure out what the requirements are, and what diff open source communities are willing to do here</li> <li>Noted existing activity in US NTIA, BSI, India, Japan; suggested collecting those in the inventory (tracking in orcwg/cra-hub#147)</li> <li>Common issue very security oriented - whereas the win/win in open source is around software lifecycle, upstream origin, provenance and license management (including zero trust/reproducible builds)</li> <li>Non Problem: solving the dependency problem; you either ship source -or- a build product; in which case you `know\u2019 what goes in and that (non reproducible, non deterministic) SBOM is known, \u2018as is\u2019. The CRA does not require cracking that nut.</li> <li>Next step would be white paper</li> <li>Security policy</li> <li>This is harder than just the vulnerability management</li> <li>Also possible spec candidate</li> <li>Due diligence requirements for manufacturers</li> <li>What upstream open source can provide on a platter (like README.txt, INSTALL.txt, setup.py, build.xml) to help downstream parties (manufacturers) to comply with the CRA; i.e. feed into the documentation stream for provenance, origin, software lifecycle, latest known upstream vulnerabilities, etc. </li> </ul>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/deliverables-plan-task-force/2025-01-30-deliverables-plan-tf-minutes/#drive-community-input","title":"Drive community input","text":"<ul> <li>WG should set up process for WG member input to the SIG (e.g. in our regular calls) to present on some of these topics</li> <li>Figure out how to contribute input to the WG for licensing purposes, but without appearing like this content is endorsed by the WG</li> </ul>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/faq-task-force/2025-04-04-mom-faq-tf/","title":"2025 04 04 mom faq tf","text":"<p>Home / cyber-resilience-sig / minutes / faq-task-force / 2025-04-04-mom-faq-tf Open Regulatory Compliance Working Group Cyber Resilience SIG - FAQ Task Force</p>"},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/faq-task-force/2025-04-04-mom-faq-tf/#4-april-2025","title":"4 April 2025","text":""},{"location":"cyber-resilience-sig/minutes/faq-task-force/2025-04-04-mom-faq-tf/#agenda","title":"Agenda","text":"Agenda Topics Moderator Minutes FAQ timeline Tobie 5 FAQ maturity level process Tobie 10 FAQ Project board Tobie 15 Split-up the work Tobie 20 Decide on meeting cadence Tobie 5 AOB 5"},{"location":"events/","title":"Index","text":"<p>Home / events</p>"},{"location":"events/#orc-wg-events","title":"ORC WG Events","text":"<p>Welcome to the Events Page of the Open Regulatory Compliance Working Group! This page serves as a central hub for all upcoming and past events related to our community, including meetups, conferences, and workshops.</p>"},{"location":"events/#about","title":"\ud83c\udf0d About","text":"<p>This page provides details on: - Upcoming events where our community members are participating. - Past events, including recordings, slides, and summaries (when available). - How to get involved and contribute to event planning.</p>"},{"location":"events/#upcoming-events","title":"\ud83d\udcc5 Upcoming Events","text":"<p>Stay updated on our latest events!</p>"},{"location":"events/#past-events","title":"\ud83c\udfa5 Past Events","text":"<p>Check out our archive: | Year  | Date   | Location   | Title                                                                            | Link to materials                    | |-------|--------|------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------| | 2025  | 29/01  | Brussels   | The CRA is here! Now What?                |link|  | 2025  | 30/01  | Brussels   | ORC WG Workshop                           |link| </p>"},{"location":"events/#get-involved","title":"\ud83e\udd1d Get Involved","text":"<p>We encourage community participation! Here\u2019s how you can contribute:</p> <ul> <li>Propose an Event: If you\u2019d like to host or suggest an event, open an issue in this repository with details.</li> <li>Event Name</li> <li>Date &amp; Time</li> <li>Location</li> <li>Brief Description</li> <li>Rgistration Link </li> <li>Speak at an Event: Interested in sharing your expertise? Reach out to us!</li> </ul>"},{"location":"events/2025-01-brussels-meetup/","title":"Index","text":"<p>Home / events / 2025-01-brussels-meetup</p>"},{"location":"events/2025-01-brussels-meetup/#meetup-the-cra-is-here-now-what","title":"Meetup: \"The CRA is Here! Now What?\"","text":"<p>\ud83d\uddd3\ufe0f Wednesday, January 29 from 17:00 to 19:00 \ud83d\udccd Hilton Brussels Grand Place, 3 Carrefour de l'Europe, 1000 Brussels, Belgium</p> <p>The goal of this meetup is to bring people up to speed on the CRA, understand  how it impacts them, what ORC WG is doing about it, and how they can get involved.</p>"},{"location":"events/2025-01-brussels-meetup/#jan-29-meetup-agenda","title":"Jan 29 Meetup Agenda","text":"Hilton Brussels Ballroom 17:00-17:30 \"The CRA is Here. Now what?\" - Presentation 17:30-18:15 CRA Implementation - Panel 18:15-18:30 Closing comments 18:30-19:00 Refreshments"},{"location":"events/2025-01-brussels-meetup/#materials-shared-during-the-event","title":"Materials shared during the event","text":"<p>\ud83d\udcdc Presentation shared during the event</p>"},{"location":"events/2025-01-brussels-workshop/","title":"Index","text":"<p>Home / events / 2025-01-brussels-workshop</p>"},{"location":"events/2025-01-brussels-workshop/#orc-wg-workshop","title":"ORC WG Workshop","text":"<p>\ud83d\uddd3\ufe0f Thursday, January 30 from 10:00 to 17:00 \ud83d\udccd Sparks Meeting, 60 Rue Ravenstein, 1000 Brussels, Belgium</p> <p>Hands-on workshop with sessions specifically focused on vulnerability management, the CRA\u2019s attestation program and its potential to help make open source more sustainable, and the collaboration with the NSBs and ESOs on the development of the harmonized standards.</p>"},{"location":"events/2025-01-brussels-workshop/#orc-wg-workshop-agenda","title":"ORC WG Workshop Agenda","text":"Rooms Lobby Room 8 Room 3 Room 7 9:00 Registration 10:00 Introductory presentations 10:45 Workshop: FAQ Workshop: Inventory Workshop: Deliverables Plan 12:00 Fireside chat with Filipe Jones Mour\u00e3o (EU Commission) and Lucia Lanfri (CEN/CENELEC) 13:15 Lunch 14:15 Workshop: FAQ Workshop: Inventory + Vulnerability Handling Specification Workshop: Deliverables Plan 16:10 Be ready to integrate the Cyber Resilience Act into your Open Source practice Vulnerability Handling Specification 16:45 Wrap up &amp; next steps 16:50 Closing Comments"},{"location":"events/2025-01-brussels-workshop/#workshop-presentations","title":"Workshop presentations","text":"<p>\ud83d\udc49 Introductory presentation - @tobie</p> <p>\ud83d\udc49 EC Presentation - Filipe Jones Mourao</p> <p>\ud83d\udc49 CEN/CENELEC Presentation - Luc\u00eda Lanfri</p> <p>\ud83d\udc49 Be ready to integrate the Cyber Resilience Act into your Open Source practice - @camillem</p>"},{"location":"events/2025-01-brussels-workshop/#workshop-outcomes","title":"Workshop outcomes","text":"<p>\ud83d\udc49 Inventory - Thanks @maximbaele for chairing the session</p> <p>\ud83d\udc49 FAQ Open Issues - Thanks @tieguy, @webmink, @Viko-legal and @aosull01</p>"},{"location":"events/2025-01-brussels-workshop/#deliverable-plan","title":"Deliverable plan","text":"<p>The plan will be included in this document shortly.</p>"},{"location":"events/2025-01-brussels-workshop/#vulnerability-management","title":"Vulnerability management","text":"<p>We have discussed a draft proposal document on minimum requirements for vulnerability reporting. We will link the draft document and remarks the audience has given when the appropriate project is created.</p>"},{"location":"governance/specification-committee/","title":"Index","text":"<p>Home / governance / specification-committee</p>"},{"location":"governance/specification-committee/#specification-committee","title":"Specification Committee","text":""},{"location":"governance/specification-committee/#chairs","title":"Chair(s)","text":"<ul> <li>Simon Phipps (@webmink), Software Heritage Foundation - Inria Foundation</li> </ul>"},{"location":"governance/specification-committee/#members","title":"Members","text":"<ul> <li>Adrian O'Sullivan (@aosull01), Huawei Technologies Co., LTD.</li> <li>Brian Fox (@brianf), The Apache Software Foundation</li> <li>Daniel Dilger (@mm73628486283), Mercedes-Benz Tech Innovation GmbH</li> <li>Jeremy Stanley (@fungi), Open Infrastructure Foundation</li> <li>Jonne Soininen (@josoinin), Nokia (alternate)</li> <li>Simon Phipps (@webmink), Software Heritage Foundation - Inria Foundation</li> <li>Tim Herresm, Mercedes-Benz Tech Innovation GmbH (alternate) </li> <li>Timo Perala (@timop62), Nokia</li> <li>Victor Roland (@Viko-legal), OBEO</li> </ul>"},{"location":"governance/specification-committee/#meeting-minutes","title":"Meeting minutes","text":"<ul> <li>2025</li> </ul>"},{"location":"governance/specification-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-13-MoM-orcwg-spec-committee/","title":"2025 02 13 MoM orcwg spec committee","text":"<p>Home / governance / specification-committee / minutes / 2025 / 2025-02-13-MoM-orcwg-spec-committee</p>"},{"location":"governance/specification-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-13-MoM-orcwg-spec-committee/#open-regulatory-compliance-working-group-specification-committee-meeting","title":"Open Regulatory Compliance Working Group Specification Committee Meeting","text":""},{"location":"governance/specification-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-13-MoM-orcwg-spec-committee/#13-february-2025","title":"13 February, 2025","text":"Agenda Topics Moderator Minutes Welcome and introduction Juan 5 Specification committee members Juan 5 Collaboration infrastructure Juan 5 Review the Spec Committee provisions in the working group\u2019s charter Ballots Wayne, Paul 30 What you need to know Next steps Juan, Wayne, Paul 10 AOB All 5 <p>Quorum - 50% of Representatives / &gt;50% of Quorum Present for simple majority vote </p>"},{"location":"governance/specification-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-13-MoM-orcwg-spec-committee/#attendees","title":"ATTENDEES","text":""},{"location":"governance/specification-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-13-MoM-orcwg-spec-committee/#steering-committee-members","title":"Steering Committee Members","text":"<ul> <li>[x] Mercedes-Benz:  Daniel Dilger (Primary), Tim Herres (Alternate)  </li> <li>[x] Nokia: Timo Perala (Primary), Jonne Soininen (Alternate) -- Timo sent regrets prior to the meeting </li> <li>[x] Huawei: Adrian O\u2019Sullivan (Primary) Arrive 15 min late</li> <li>[x] Victor Roland, OBEO (Elected Participant)  </li> <li>[ ] Brian Fox, Apache Software Foundation (Elected Foundation)  </li> <li>[x] Jeremy Stanley, Open Infrastructure Foundation (Elected Foundation)  </li> <li>[x] Simon Phipps, Software Heritage (Elected Foundation)</li> </ul>"},{"location":"governance/specification-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-13-MoM-orcwg-spec-committee/#eclipse-foundation-staff","title":"Eclipse Foundation Staff","text":"<ul> <li>[ ] Gael Blondelle  </li> <li>[ ] Sharon Corbett  </li> <li>[x] Juan Rico  </li> <li>[x] Wayne Beaton  </li> <li>[x] Paul Buck</li> </ul>"},{"location":"governance/specification-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-13-MoM-orcwg-spec-committee/#minutes","title":"MINUTES","text":""},{"location":"governance/specification-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-13-MoM-orcwg-spec-committee/#quorum","title":"Quorum:","text":"<p>Quorum was achieved</p> <p>The members of the Committee were introduced and it was pointed out that the first activity the Specification Committee should address is the election of their chair.</p> <p>Wayne introduced the process for releasing specifications under the Eclipse Foundation Specification Process with the moments in which the Specification Committee has ballots to approve moving a Process Specification a step forward to make a release.</p> <p>It was discussed the elements that are covered by the Specification Process that are mainly documents and processes and their definitions are included in the EFSP guide</p> <p>It wasn\u2019t clear the relationship between the project proposal Cyber Resilience Practices and the duties of the Committee. It was explained that the Specification Committee is required to hold a Creation Review Ballot as per the EFSP. There was also discussion regarding Cyber Resilience Practices project proposal to better understand its objectives which were being questioned. During the next Specification Committee meeting we will dig into this, the committee is also encouraged to contribute to the public discussion since the project is in Community Review (Tracking issue). Prior to the Creation Review ballot the Committee representatives will need to better understand the project to formulate their positions.</p> <p>The Specification activities have two mailing lists:</p> <ul> <li>Internal (private) spec committee topics (org-wg-specification-committee@eclipse.org) Only spec committee members are invited under creation  </li> <li>Public for ballots and discussion ( orc-wg-specification@eclipse.org)</li> </ul> <p>The public one should be the list used to have the discussions and conduct ballots.</p> <p>Next steps:</p> <ul> <li>Nomination for Specification Committee Chairs  </li> <li>Clarification of the EFSP in the context of ORC WG  </li> <li>Invite Cyber Resilience Practices project to the discussion</li> </ul>"},{"location":"governance/specification-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-13-MoM-orcwg-spec-committee/#aob","title":"AOB","text":""},{"location":"governance/specification-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-13-MoM-orcwg-spec-committee/#resolutions","title":"Resolutions","text":""},{"location":"governance/specification-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-13-MoM-orcwg-spec-committee/#meeting-materials","title":"Meeting materials","text":"<p>ORCWG Specification Committee Kickoff.pdf</p>"},{"location":"governance/specification-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-13-MoM-orcwg-spec-committee/#next-meeting","title":"Next Meeting","text":"<p>Next meeting will be on the 27th of February 16.00 CET</p> <p>Meeting Adjournment The meeting adjourned at 5:30 pm CET</p> <p>____________________________________________</p>"},{"location":"governance/specification-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-27-MoM-orcwg-spec-committee/","title":"2025 02 27 MoM orcwg spec committee","text":"<p>Home / governance / specification-committee / minutes / 2025 / 2025-02-27-MoM-orcwg-spec-committee</p>"},{"location":"governance/specification-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-27-MoM-orcwg-spec-committee/#open-regulatory-compliance-working-group-specification-committee-meeting","title":"Open Regulatory Compliance Working Group Specification Committee Meeting","text":""},{"location":"governance/specification-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-27-MoM-orcwg-spec-committee/#27-february-2025","title":"27 February, 2025","text":"Agenda Topics Moderator Minutes Approval of the [minutes of the previous ORC Specification Committee call Paul 5 Election of the Specification Committee Chair Paul 10 Cyber Resilience Project Discussion Mika, Paul 20 Project Creation Ballots Wayne 15 AOB All 5 <p>Quorum - 50% of Representatives / &gt;50% of Quorum Present for simple majority vote </p>"},{"location":"governance/specification-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-27-MoM-orcwg-spec-committee/#attendees","title":"ATTENDEES","text":""},{"location":"governance/specification-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-27-MoM-orcwg-spec-committee/#specification-committee-members","title":"Specification Committee Members","text":"<ul> <li>[x] Mercedes-Benz:  Daniel Dilger (Primary)  </li> <li>[x] Nokia: Timo Perala (Primary), Jonne Soininen (Alternate)  </li> <li>[x] Huawei: Adrian O\u2019Sullivan (Primary)  </li> <li>[x] Victor Roland, OBEO (Elected Participant)  </li> <li>[ ] Brian Fox, Apache Software Foundation (Elected Foundation)  </li> <li>[x] Jeremy Stanley, Open Infrastructure Foundation (Elected Foundation)  </li> <li>[x] Simon Phipps, Software Heritage (Elected Foundation)</li> </ul>"},{"location":"governance/specification-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-27-MoM-orcwg-spec-committee/#eclipse-foundation-staff","title":"Eclipse Foundation Staff","text":"<ul> <li>[ ] Gael Blondelle  </li> <li>[x] Sharon Corbett  </li> <li>[ ] Juan Rico  </li> <li>[x] Wayne Beaton  </li> <li>[x] Paul Buck  </li> <li>[x] Mikael Barbero</li> </ul>"},{"location":"governance/specification-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-27-MoM-orcwg-spec-committee/#minutes","title":"MINUTES","text":""},{"location":"governance/specification-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-27-MoM-orcwg-spec-committee/#quorum","title":"Quorum:","text":"<p>Paul Buck acted as chair for the meeting Quorum was achieved  Approval is requested for the minutes from the February 13th, 2025 meeting as drafted - Approved Simon Phipps (Software Heritage) has been selected by the ORC Specification Committee as their chair Questions were raised regarding the Cyber Resilience Practices project proposal</p> <ul> <li>Regarding the relationship between the CRA SIG and the specification project, the SIG is not a governance body, specification projects are under the purview of the working group and governed by its specification committee    </li> <li>When another specification is created, will it require its own ballot? Yes it will.  </li> <li>Has there been any public discussion regarding the proposal to describe it and call for interest? It appears that the proposal has been pre-authored, it appears that the first public communication was in the SIG call earlier in the week. We would have expected that there would have been an earlier call for interest.   </li> <li>The committee requests that the project proposal be socialized with a call for interest, and the project can come back to the committee in two weeks (March 13th), seek volunteers  </li> <li>Request is to do that on the working group mailing list</li> </ul>"},{"location":"governance/specification-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-27-MoM-orcwg-spec-committee/#aob","title":"AOB","text":""},{"location":"governance/specification-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-27-MoM-orcwg-spec-committee/#resolutions","title":"Resolutions","text":""},{"location":"governance/specification-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-27-MoM-orcwg-spec-committee/#meeting-materials","title":"Meeting materials","text":"<p>Mika\u2019s presentation here.</p>"},{"location":"governance/specification-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-27-MoM-orcwg-spec-committee/#next-meeting","title":"Next Meeting","text":"<p>March 13th, 2025</p> <p>Meeting Adjournment</p> <p>____________________________________________</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/","title":"Index","text":"<p>Home / governance / steering-committee</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/#steering-committee","title":"Steering Committee","text":""},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/#chairs","title":"Chairs","text":"<ul> <li>Dirk-Willem van Gulik (@dirkx), The Apache Software Foundation</li> <li>Timo Perala (@timop62), Nokia</li> </ul>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/#members","title":"Members","text":"<ul> <li>Adrian O'Sullivan (@aosull01), Huawei Technologies Co., LTD.</li> <li>Daniel Dilger (@mm73628486283), Mercedes-Benz Tech Innovation GmbH</li> <li>Dirk-Willem van Gulik (@dirkx), The Apache Software Foundation</li> <li>Jonne Soininen (@josoinin), Nokia (alternate)</li> <li>Roberto Di Cosmo (@rdicosmo), Software Heritage Foundation - Inria Foundation</li> <li>Tim Herresm, Mercedes-Benz Tech Innovation GmbH (alternate)</li> <li>Timo Perala (@timop62), Nokia</li> <li>Victor Roland (@Viko-legal), OBEO</li> </ul>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/#meeting-minutes","title":"Meeting minutes","text":"<ul> <li>2025</li> <li>2024</li> </ul>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2024/20241212_MoM_ORCWG_SC_Meeting/","title":"20241212 MoM ORCWG SC Meeting","text":"<p>Home / governance / steering-committee / minutes / 2024 / 20241212_MoM_ORCWG_SC_Meeting</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2024/20241212_MoM_ORCWG_SC_Meeting/#open-regulatory-compliance-working-group-steering-committee-inaugural-meeting","title":"Open Regulatory Compliance Working Group Steering Committee Inaugural Meeting","text":""},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2024/20241212_MoM_ORCWG_SC_Meeting/#12-december-2024","title":"12 December 2024","text":"Agenda Topics Moderator Minutes Approval of the MoM of the Inaugural SC Call Juan 5 Working Group structure Tobie 15 ORC WG Program Plan presentation Juan 20 WG communication and management tools Tobie 10 Next Steps &amp; AOB Sharon/All 10 <p>Quorum - 50% of Representatives / &gt;50% of Quorum Present for simple majority vote </p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2024/20241212_MoM_ORCWG_SC_Meeting/#attendees","title":"ATTENDEES","text":""},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2024/20241212_MoM_ORCWG_SC_Meeting/#steering-committee-members","title":"Steering Committee Members","text":"<ul> <li>[x] Mercedes-Benz:  Daniel Dilger (Primary), Tim Herres (Alternate)  </li> <li>[x] Nokia: Timo Perala (Primary), Jonne Soininen (Alternate)  </li> <li>[ ] Bosch:  Andreas Nauerz (Primary), Detlef Zerfowski (Alternate)  </li> <li>[x] Victor Roland, OBEO (Elected Participant)  </li> <li>[x] Dirk-Willem van Gulik, Apache (Elected Foundation)  </li> <li>[ ] Roberto Di Cosmo, Software Heritage (Elected Foundation)</li> </ul>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2024/20241212_MoM_ORCWG_SC_Meeting/#eclipse-foundation-staff","title":"Eclipse Foundation Staff","text":"<ul> <li>[x] Gael Blondelle, Chief Membership Officer  </li> <li>[x] Sharon Corbett, Program Director, Industry Collaborations  </li> <li>[x] Juan Rico, Senior Program Manager  </li> <li>[x] Tobie Langel, ORC WG Tech Lead / UnlockOpen</li> </ul>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2024/20241212_MoM_ORCWG_SC_Meeting/#minutes","title":"MINUTES","text":""},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2024/20241212_MoM_ORCWG_SC_Meeting/#quorum","title":"Quorum:","text":"<p>Quorum was achieved</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2024/20241212_MoM_ORCWG_SC_Meeting/#approval-of-the-mom-of-the-inaugural-sc-call","title":"Approval of the MoM of the inaugural SC Call","text":"<p>Approved with no objections.</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2024/20241212_MoM_ORCWG_SC_Meeting/#working-group-structure","title":"Working Group Structure","text":"<p>The structure discussion was continued from the last SC meeting call. The current structure aims at, provide flexibility to the WG, find the right contributors to the different projects, and keep the governance structure focused on creating value. </p> <p>The current umbrella project proposal - Cyber Resilience Practices | projects.eclipse.org </p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2024/20241212_MoM_ORCWG_SC_Meeting/#orc-wg-program-plan","title":"ORC WG Program Plan","text":"<p>The SC agrees on working on the current version of the ORC WG Program Plan document. The process will cover:</p> <ol> <li>Input to the document adding comments where necessary   </li> <li>Consolidation of the feedback in a new version of the document  </li> <li>Review in the SC on the 9th of January and decide on the next steps having the SC meeting on the 23rd as the target approval date.</li> </ol>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2024/20241212_MoM_ORCWG_SC_Meeting/#wg-communication-and-management-tools","title":"WG Communication and management tools","text":"<p>The WG communication tool will be Slack. The repository will be in GitHub, it will be properly organized and configured to support the needs of contributors and committees.</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2024/20241212_MoM_ORCWG_SC_Meeting/#aob","title":"AOB","text":"<p>There will be some charter revisions to update aspects that are not currently reflected in the current version (i.e. support for individual committer members), more information will be shared shortly.</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2024/20241212_MoM_ORCWG_SC_Meeting/#resolutions","title":"Resolutions","text":"<p>The minutes of the Inaugural Steering Committee call were approved.</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2024/20241212_MoM_ORCWG_SC_Meeting/#next-meeting","title":"Next Meeting","text":"<p>Next meeting will be on the 9th of January 16.30 CET</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2024/20241212_MoM_ORCWG_SC_Meeting/#supporting-materials","title":"Supporting Materials","text":"<p>20241212_ORCWG_SC_Meeting</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2024/20241212_MoM_ORCWG_SC_Meeting/#meeting-adjournment","title":"Meeting Adjournment","text":"<p>The meeting adjourned at 5:29 pm CET</p> <p>____________________________________________  </p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-09-MoM-orcwg-sc/","title":"2025 01 09 MoM orcwg sc","text":"<p>Home / governance / steering-committee / minutes / 2025 / 2025-01-09-MoM-orcwg-sc</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-09-MoM-orcwg-sc/#open-regulatory-compliance-working-group-steering-committee-meeting","title":"Open Regulatory Compliance Working Group Steering Committee Meeting","text":""},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-09-MoM-orcwg-sc/#09-january-2025","title":"09 January 2025","text":"Agenda Topics Moderator Minutes Approval of the MoM of the previous SC Call Juan 2 Charter updates Sharon 10 ORC WG Program Plan presentation Juan 20 ORC Commenting Process Tobie 10 Current Status of the WG &amp; CRA Expert Group All 10 AOB All 3 <p>Quorum - 50% of Representatives / &gt;50% of Quorum Present for simple majority vote </p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-09-MoM-orcwg-sc/#attendees","title":"ATTENDEES","text":""},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-09-MoM-orcwg-sc/#steering-committee-members","title":"Steering Committee Members","text":"<ul> <li>[x] Mercedes-Benz:  Daniel Dilger (Primary), Tim Herres (Alternate)  </li> <li>[x] Nokia: Timo Perala (Primary), Jonne Soininen (Alternate)  </li> <li>[x] Victor Roland, OBEO (Elected Participant)  </li> <li>[x] Dirk-Willem van Gulik, Apache (Elected Foundation)  </li> <li>[x] Roberto Di Cosmo, Software Heritage (Elected Foundation)</li> </ul>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-09-MoM-orcwg-sc/#eclipse-foundation-staff","title":"Eclipse Foundation Staff","text":"<ul> <li>[ ] Gael Blondelle, Chief Membership Officer  </li> <li>[x] Sharon Corbett, Program Director, Industry Collaborations  </li> <li>[x] Juan Rico, Senior Program Manager  </li> <li>[x] Tobie Langel, ORC WG Tech Lead / UnlockOpen</li> </ul> <p>Guest </p> <ul> <li>[x] ETAS: Detlef Zerfowski</li> </ul>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-09-MoM-orcwg-sc/#minutes","title":"MINUTES","text":""},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-09-MoM-orcwg-sc/#quorum","title":"Quorum:","text":"<p>Quorum was achieved</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-09-MoM-orcwg-sc/#membership-status","title":"Membership status","text":"<p>As of January 9th the ORC WG has 39 members. Bosch is no longer a strategic member of the WG.</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-09-MoM-orcwg-sc/#approval-of-the-mom-of-the-inaugural-sc-call","title":"Approval of the MoM of the inaugural SC Call","text":"<p>Approved with no objections.</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-09-MoM-orcwg-sc/#charter-updates","title":"Charter updates","text":"<p>Here is the Redline version provided and the link to the presentation done by Sharon. Changes included version 1.1:</p> <ul> <li>Clarify contributions to ORC Specification projects - Contributors and Committers  </li> <li>Legal Agreement Framework  </li> <li>Update to include Committer Class of Member</li> </ul> <p>RESOLVED: The Steering Committee unanimously approved the draft charter revisions as presented.</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-09-MoM-orcwg-sc/#orc-wg-program-plan","title":"ORC WG Program Plan","text":"<p>The updated version addressing some of the comments already provided can be found here. After the discussion, there are two main aspects that require further conversations:</p> <ol> <li>Government Observatory Forum   </li> <li>Key metrics - EF to provide further description of how the selected metrics align with the program plan pillars.</li> </ol>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-09-MoM-orcwg-sc/#orc-commenting-process","title":"ORC Commenting process","text":"<p>So as to facilitate the collection of contributions that represents the WG it is necessary to establish a process that clarifies how to do it and the timings.This Github space contains the proposal made by Eclipse Foundation.</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-09-MoM-orcwg-sc/#current-status-of-the-wg-cra-expert-group","title":"Current Status of the WG &amp; CRA Expert Group","text":"<p>It was presented the current status of the different WG activities - (slide 27)</p> <p>CRA expert group discussion didn\u2019t take place and will be started in the email list.</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-09-MoM-orcwg-sc/#aob","title":"AOB","text":"<p>During the call it was clarified that the shift to Github and Slack is to facilitate the participation of interested parties in the Working Group activities.</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-09-MoM-orcwg-sc/#resolutions","title":"Resolutions","text":"<p>The minutes of the 2024.12.12 Steering Committee call were approved. The Steering Committee unanimously approved the draft charter revisions as presented.</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-09-MoM-orcwg-sc/#next-meeting","title":"Next Meeting","text":"<p>Next meeting will be on the 23rd of January 16.30 CET</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-09-MoM-orcwg-sc/#supporting-materials","title":"Supporting Materials","text":"<p>2025.01.09 ORC WG SC meeting</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-09-MoM-orcwg-sc/#meeting-adjournment","title":"Meeting Adjournment","text":"<p>The meeting adjourned at 5:32 pm CET</p> <p>____________________________________________  </p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-23-MoM-orgwg-sc/","title":"2025 01 23 MoM orgwg sc","text":"<p>Home / governance / steering-committee / minutes / 2025 / 2025-01-23-MoM-orgwg-sc</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-23-MoM-orgwg-sc/#open-regulatory-compliance-working-group-steering-committee-meeting","title":"Open Regulatory Compliance Working Group Steering Committee Meeting","text":""},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-23-MoM-orgwg-sc/#23-january-2025-","title":"23 January 2025 -","text":"Agenda Topics Moderator Minutes Approval of the MoM of the previous SC Call Juan 5 ORC WG process specification project license Juan/Tobie 10 ORC WG Program Plan review Juan 20 ORC WG Comments Process (pull request) Tobie 10 Current Status of the WG &amp; CRA Expert Group All 10 AOB All 5 <p>Quorum - 50% of Representatives / &gt;50% of Quorum Present for simple majority vote </p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-23-MoM-orgwg-sc/#attendees","title":"ATTENDEES","text":""},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-23-MoM-orgwg-sc/#steering-committee-members","title":"Steering Committee Members","text":"<ul> <li>[x] Mercedes-Benz:  Daniel Dilger (Primary), Tim Herres (Alternate)  </li> <li>[x] Nokia: Timo Perala (Primary), Jonne Soininen (Alternate)  </li> <li>[x] Huawei: Adrian O\u2019Sullivan (Primary)  </li> <li>[x] Victor Roland, OBEO (Elected Participant)  </li> <li>[x] Dirk-Willem van Gulik, Apache Software Foundation (Elected Foundation)[^1]  </li> <li>[ ] Roberto Di Cosmo, Software Heritage (Elected Foundation)</li> </ul>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-23-MoM-orgwg-sc/#eclipse-foundation-staff","title":"Eclipse Foundation Staff","text":"<ul> <li>[ ] Gael Blondelle, Chief Membership Officer  </li> <li>[ ] Sharon Corbett, Program Director, Industry Collaborations  </li> <li>[x] Juan Rico, Senior Program Manager  </li> <li>[x] Tobie Langel, ORC WG Tech Lead / UnlockOpen</li> </ul>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-23-MoM-orgwg-sc/#guest","title":"Guest","text":"<ul> <li>[x] Detelf Zerfowski (Bosch)</li> </ul>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-23-MoM-orgwg-sc/#minutes","title":"MINUTES","text":""},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-23-MoM-orgwg-sc/#quorum","title":"Quorum:","text":"<p>Quorum was achieved</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-23-MoM-orgwg-sc/#membership-status","title":"Membership status","text":"<p>Welcome Huawei as ORC WG strategic member</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-23-MoM-orgwg-sc/#approval-of-the-mom-of-the-2025-01-09-sc-call","title":"Approval of the MoM of the 2025-01-09 SC Call","text":"<p>Approved with no observations.</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-23-MoM-orgwg-sc/#orc-wg-process-specification-project-license","title":"ORC WG process specification project license","text":"<p>CC-BY 4.0 approved working on the materials that will be shared for voting on the licenses of the project</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-23-MoM-orgwg-sc/#orc-wg-program-plan","title":"ORC WG Program Plan","text":"<p>A couple of items in the list of key metrics will be amended to be more clear and precise. Final version will be circulated as PDF to be voted in the next SC meeting.</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-23-MoM-orgwg-sc/#orc-commenting-process","title":"ORC Commenting process","text":"<p>Main Goal - Lightweight process to obtain consensus. Contribute and provide feedback to the current proposal here</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-23-MoM-orgwg-sc/#cra-expert-group","title":"CRA Expert Group","text":"<p>Dirk-Willem commenting about the focus Collect contributions for the agenda and make it useful. Use it as a way of funnelling uncertainty to be clarified by the EC.</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-23-MoM-orgwg-sc/#aob","title":"AOB","text":""},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-23-MoM-orgwg-sc/#resolutions","title":"Resolutions","text":"<p>The minutes of the previous meeting were approved.</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-23-MoM-orgwg-sc/#next-meeting","title":"Next Meeting","text":"<p>Next meeting will be on the 6th of February 16.30 CET</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-23-MoM-orgwg-sc/#supporting-materials","title":"Supporting Materials","text":"<p>20250123 ORC WG SC meeting</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-01-23-MoM-orgwg-sc/#meeting-adjournment","title":"Meeting Adjournment","text":"<p>The meeting adjourned at 5:26 pm CET</p> <p>____________________________________________  </p> <p>[^1]: Arrived 15mins late</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-06-MoM-orcwg-sc/","title":"2025 02 06 MoM orcwg sc","text":"<p>Home / governance / steering-committee / minutes / 2025 / 2025-02-06-MoM-orcwg-sc</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-06-MoM-orcwg-sc/#open-regulatory-compliance-working-group-steering-committee-meeting","title":"Open Regulatory Compliance Working Group Steering Committee Meeting","text":""},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-06-MoM-orcwg-sc/#6-february2025-","title":"6 February2025 -","text":"Agenda Topics Moderator Minutes Approval of the MoM Juan 5 Approval of the Program Plan v0.99 Juan 10 Open discussion around the FOSDEM events Juan/Tobie 35 AOB All 5 <p>Quorum - 50% of Representatives / &gt;50% of Quorum Present for simple majority vote </p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-06-MoM-orcwg-sc/#attendees","title":"ATTENDEES","text":""},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-06-MoM-orcwg-sc/#steering-committee-members","title":"Steering Committee Members","text":"<ul> <li>[x] Mercedes-Benz:  Daniel Dilger (Primary), Tim Herres (Alternate)  </li> <li>[ ] Nokia: Timo Perala (Primary), Jonne Soininen (Alternate) -- Timo sent regrets prior to the meeting </li> <li>[x] Huawei: Adrian O\u2019Sullivan (Primary)[^1]  </li> <li>[x] Victor Roland, OBEO (Elected Participant)  </li> <li>[x] Dirk-Willem van Gulik, Apache Software Foundation (Elected Foundation)  </li> <li>[ ] Roberto Di Cosmo, Software Heritage (Elected Foundation)</li> </ul>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-06-MoM-orcwg-sc/#eclipse-foundation-staff","title":"Eclipse Foundation Staff","text":"<ul> <li>[ ] Gael Blondelle, Chief Membership Officer  </li> <li>[x] Sharon Corbett, Program Director, Industry Collaborations  </li> <li>[x] Juan Rico, Senior Program Manager  </li> <li>[x] Tobie Langel, ORC WG Tech Lead / UnlockOpen</li> </ul>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-06-MoM-orcwg-sc/#minutes","title":"MINUTES","text":""},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-06-MoM-orcwg-sc/#quorum","title":"Quorum:","text":"<p>Quorum was achieved</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-06-MoM-orcwg-sc/#approval-of-the-mom-of-the-2025-01-23-sc-call","title":"Approval of the MoM of the 2025-01-23 SC Call","text":"<p>Approved with no observations.</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-06-MoM-orcwg-sc/#orc-wg-program-plan","title":"ORC WG Program Plan","text":"<p>Move to an electronic vote.</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-06-MoM-orcwg-sc/#open-discussion-around-the-fosdem-events","title":"Open discussion around the FOSDEM events","text":"<p>It was highlighted the good atmosphere and progress achieved during the workshop. The conversations will follow as part of the Github issues to leverage the good use of the platform. There will be a meeting to coordinate the next steps with the curation and organization of the content in it. It was referred to the Inno3 work available here as a good starting point for understanding the personas. It is necessary to define a process to efficiently collect the feedback from the EC and integrate it into the WG work.</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-06-MoM-orcwg-sc/#aob","title":"AOB","text":"<p>There is ongoing work on creating marketing materials that can be shared by all WG members. It is also noted that the WG is requested to have collective communication, so it is not a matter of content generation but also maximising the impact of our activities.</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-06-MoM-orcwg-sc/#resolutions","title":"Resolutions","text":"<p>The minutes of the previous meeting were approved.</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-06-MoM-orcwg-sc/#next-meeting","title":"Next Meeting","text":"<p>Next meeting will be on the 20th of February 16.30 CET</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-06-MoM-orcwg-sc/#meeting-adjournment","title":"Meeting Adjournment","text":"<p>The meeting adjourned at 5:14 pm CET</p> <p>____________________________________________  </p> <p>[^1]:  Arrive 15 min late</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-20-MoM-orcwg-sc/","title":"2025 02 20 MoM orcwg sc","text":"<p>Home / governance / steering-committee / minutes / 2025 / 2025-02-20-MoM-orcwg-sc</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-20-MoM-orcwg-sc/#open-regulatory-compliance-working-group-steering-committee-meeting","title":"Open Regulatory Compliance Working Group Steering Committee Meeting","text":""},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-20-MoM-orcwg-sc/#20-february-2025-","title":"20 February 2025 -","text":"Agenda Topics Moderator Minutes Approval of the MoM Sharon 5 Approval of the Program Plan v0.99 Sharon 10 License for ORC projects approval Sharon/Tobie 10 Budget introduction Sharon 10 CRA Expert Group Feedback Tobie 15 AOB All 5 <p>Quorum - 50% of Representatives / &gt;50% of Quorum Present for simple majority vote </p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-20-MoM-orcwg-sc/#attendees","title":"ATTENDEES","text":""},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-20-MoM-orcwg-sc/#steering-committee-members","title":"Steering Committee Members","text":"<ul> <li>[x] Mercedes-Benz: Daniel Dilger (Primary), Tim Herres (Alternate)  </li> <li>[x] Nokia: Timo Perala (Primary), Jonne Soininen (Alternate)   </li> <li>[ ] Huawei: Adrian O\u2019Sullivan (Primary) - Regrets will attemp to join </li> <li>[ ] Victor Roland, OBEO (Elected Participant)  </li> <li>[x] Dirk-Willem van Gulik, Apache Software Foundation (Elected Foundation)  </li> <li>[ ] Roberto Di Cosmo, Software Heritage (Elected Foundation)</li> </ul>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-20-MoM-orcwg-sc/#eclipse-foundation-staff","title":"Eclipse Foundation Staff","text":"<ul> <li>[ ] Gael Blondelle, Chief Membership Officer  </li> <li>[x] Sharon Corbett, Program Director, Industry Collaborations  </li> <li>[ ] Juan Rico, Senior Program Manager  </li> <li>[x] Tobie Langel, ORC WG Tech Lead / UnlockOpen  </li> <li>[x] Shanda Giacomoni, Senior Marketing Manager</li> </ul>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-20-MoM-orcwg-sc/#minutes","title":"MINUTES","text":""},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-20-MoM-orcwg-sc/#quorum","title":"Quorum:","text":"<p>Quorum was achieved - yes</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-20-MoM-orcwg-sc/#approval-of-the-mom-of-the-2025-02-06-sc-call","title":"Approval of the MoM of the 2025-02-06 SC Call","text":"<p>Motion:  Daniel Dilger Resolved, Minutes are Approved</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-20-MoM-orcwg-sc/#orc-wg-program-plan","title":"ORC WG Program Plan","text":"<p>Motion: Dirk-Willem van Gulik Resolved,  2025 Program Plan Approved</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-20-MoM-orcwg-sc/#orc-project-license","title":"ORC Project License","text":"<p>Motion: Dirk-Willem van Gulik Resolved, Dual License of CC-By-4.0 and Apache 2.0 Approved</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-20-MoM-orcwg-sc/#introduction-of-new-team-member","title":"Introduction of New Team Member","text":"<p>Shanda Giacomoni, Senior Marketing Manager for the Working Group joined and introduced herself to the Steering Committee.  Shanda will be responsible for creating a marketing plan to support the program plan including other outreach and engagement activities.</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-20-MoM-orcwg-sc/#budget-process-introduction","title":"Budget Process Introduction","text":"<p>Sharon presented the 2025 Open Regulatory Working Group Budget Process and high level budget for 2025.  The budget has been approved by the Board of Directors and Executive Director.  The budget will support the program strategy of the working group outlined in the program plan and drive the success of the initiative. </p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-20-MoM-orcwg-sc/#cra-expert-group-feedback","title":"CRA Expert Group Feedback","text":"<p>CRA Expert Group</p> <p>Tobie and Mikael Barbero of the Eclipse Foundation attended the first plenary session in Brussels last week.   The Expert Group formed a month ago with approximately 60 members attending the session. Very pleased with the discussions and high calibre and relevance of attendees.  Possible opportunities for the WG and SIG were discussed in relation to the expert group and next steps to move forward to participate and contribute.</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-20-MoM-orcwg-sc/#aob","title":"AOB","text":"<p>N/A</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-20-MoM-orcwg-sc/#resolutions","title":"Resolutions","text":"<ul> <li>The minutes of the previous meeting were approved.  </li> <li>Resolved,  2025 Program Plan Approved  </li> <li>Resolved, Dual License of CC-By-4.0 and Apache 2.0 Approved</li> </ul>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-20-MoM-orcwg-sc/#next-meeting","title":"Next Meeting","text":"<p>Next meeting will be on the 6th of March 16.30 CET</p>"},{"location":"governance/steering-committee/minutes/2025/2025-02-20-MoM-orcwg-sc/#meeting-adjournment","title":"Meeting Adjournment","text":"<p>The meeting adjourned at 5:25 pm CET</p> <p>____________________________________________  </p>"}]}